Update pages-and-extents-architecture-guide.md (#10300)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/pages-and-extents-architecture-guide.md

When a table or an index has **varchar**, **nvarchar**, **varbinary**, **sql_variant**, or CLR user-defined type columns that can exceed 8,060 bytes per row, consider the following:

> - Moving large colums to another page occurs dynamically as rows are lengthened based on update operations. Update operations that shorten rows can cause them to be moved back to the original page in a `IN_ROW_DATA` allocation unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moving columns to another page occurs dynamically as rows are lengthened based on update operations. Update operations that shorten rows can cause them to be moved back to the original page in a `IN_ROW_DATA` allocation unit.
```
